# Contributing guidelines for computer science research

Thanks for your interest in contributing to academic research in computer
science! These guidelines explain how scientific knowledge is developed and how
to submit your contribution. These guidelines are not rules: the actual rules of
academia are only known by word-of-mouth, not explained anywhere, but take
precedence over anything written here.

## Goals

The goal of submitting and merging contributions to the academic research
project is mostly to get them seen and acknowledged by other developers. As for
users, we are not sure if there are any.

Often, your main goal in contributing will be to put the merge request on your
CV. In this case, know that the impact of your merge will be measured by its
number of citations, i.e., how many discussions and bug reports are mentioning
the code.

## Framework

All contributions must use academia's official TeX/LaTeX development toolchain,
which was initially coded by Don Knuth as a Pascal program in the late 70s, and
only superficially modernized since then.

Your merge request must be submitted in PDF format (in your IDE, select File >
Print to PDF), following a specific stylesheet and a strict page limit.

## Merge schedule

Depending on the theme of your contribution, merge requests can only be
submitted at a few yearly deadlines corresponding to physical project meetings
(aka "conferences").

If your merge request is accepted, you are required to present it in person at
the meeting, by travelling at your expense to wherever in the world it is taking
place; and additionally paying a multi-hundred-dollar registration fee not
usually disclosed in advance.

## Visibility and authorship

All contributions, including large contributions, should be developed entirely
privately, lest someone else steals your precious ideas and does the work in
your stead. Finished contributions should be uploaded in bulk only when they are
entirely finished. Once merged, they will be immediately abandoned by their
authors to work on other contributions. As for datasets, test cases, examples,
proofs, they will not be released at all.

When submitting a merge request to an existing project, a crucial factor in
accepting the merge will be to discuss authorship, i.e., do the contributions
justify the addition of new names in the "About" box of the program, and in
which order.

## Code reviews

All merge requests submitted to this repository will be subjected to peer review
to ensure their quality. Namely, you will receive an email after several months
containing multiple independent and contradictory reviews featuring dismissive
criticism about your work. You are then to modify your merge request
based on this feedback, submit it again, wait for a few months, and repeat
until the contribution is accepted or rejected.

Most likely, your contribution will get rejected. In this case, you can reformat
your code and try to merge it with some other, less prestigious codebase. (The
prestige of codebases is estimated based on their age and how selective they are
in accepting merge requests.) Your contribution doesn't count as "published"
until it has been merged in some codebase, no matter how irrelevant.

## Related work

All merge requests *must* include a thorough discussion of related work, i.e., a
survey of all existing software implementations developed at any point over the
last decades, in any programming framework or architecture, which do anything
that remotely resembles the proposed contribution. For each related work item, you
should include a misleading explanation of why they are worse than you.

Make sure to cite these related work items with consistently-formatted
bibliographic citations that include page numbers, but no hyperlinks.

## Contributor licensing agreement

The academic research codebase is *not* open-source. If your contribution is
accepted, you are required to sign a copyright transfer form giving away your
rights on the contribution to some publisher company. This company will not
compensate you for this, and in fact do not pay any project developer or
maintainer. Their job is to run the hosting platform, and package
the software to sell it for an overpriced subscription fee. You will never see
any of this money; to the contrary, you or your employer will need to subscribe
so that you can know about other contributions to the project.

We believe that this arrangement is in the community's best interest to make our software
widely available. If you cannot afford the fee, no problem: you may be able to
find the software for free on some illegal foreign websites that everyone uses,
and you may also be able to download specific patches by going to the homepages
of individual developers.

## Careers

If you have read this far, you may be interested in a permanent job in
contributing to academic research in computer science!

To get such a job, you should first spend several years doing a PhD, and
then some indeterminate number of years working as a postdoc or research assistant.
During that time, you should work as hard as you can to get any sort of code
merged, often while being paid a below-market wage, and on short-term contracts
giving you little flexibility in the choice of city or country of residence.

If you are lucky, you may land one of a very small number of permanent
positions. You will spend most of your time teaching and taking care of
administrative tasks, but it may leave you some free time during holidays and
weekends where you can contribute to research!

Interested? Just get in touch with one of our tenured maintainers. If they
bother replying, they might have some work to give you so you can get started on
your journey to the top of the pyramid.

